QuakeSpasm supports ogg, mp3 and wav external music files to be played
instead of cd music. What you should do is simple:

1. Use your favorite cd-ripper application and rip your quake cdrom
   audio tracks, convert them to ogg or mp3 so they occupy less space,
   like track02.ogg, track03.ogg, etc.

   Note #1: There is no such thing as track01:  the first tracks of
            original Quake and the mission pack cdroms are always data
            tracks.

   Note #2: Since the Quake cdrom audio tracks are pre-emphasized, you
            should de-emphasize them during or after ripping to make
            them sound right. (thanks to Sander van Dijk for this note)

2. Go into your quake installation directory and create a new directory
   id1/music (for windows users id1\music).

3. If you have the Scourge of Armagon mission pack, then create another
   directory hipnotic/music .  If you have the Dissolution of Eternity
   then create another directory rogue/music .

4. Take the ripped music files from step1, place them under id1/music.
   If you have the mission packs, repeat step1 for the mission packs,
   too, and place the ripped music files under hipnotic/music for the
   first mission pack or under rogue/music for the second mission pack.

5. All are ready to go: When a level starts, the engine will first try
   playing the necessary cdaudio track and if it doesn't find the cdrom
   it will use the ripped music files instead.


New console commands:
---------------------
- music <filename>
  Start playing the requested music file.
  Example:  music mymusic1

  Notice that you don't have to type the file extension: The requested
  music will be searched with ogg, mp3, and then with a wav extension,
  automatically.

  If you do specify the file extension, like "music mymusic1.wav", then
  it will honor your wish and try only the given type: this is good for
  testing/comparing the same music in different formats.

- music_stop
  Stops the playing music

- music_pause
  Pauses the playing music

- music_resume
  Resumes playing the music if it was paused

- music_loop 1
  Makes the background music to loop (default behavior)

- music_loop 0
  Makes the background music to play once and then stop

New cvars:
-------------------------
- bgm_extmusic (0 or 1): Disable or enable playback of external music
  files instead of cdaudio. default is 1 (enabled).

New command line options:
-------------------------
- -noextmusic: Disables the playback of external music files instead of
  cdaudio.

Music files in PAK files:
-------------------------
PAK-contained music files are fully supported.

Music file directories:
-------------------------
- The music files are always searched under the "music" subdirectory of
  a game.

Music file search order:
-------------------------
The engine can handle multiple audio formats.  The map-dictated music,
i.e. the ripped cd music, is always searched by the order of searchpath
priority:  the file from the searchpath with the highest priority is
chosen, because it is most likely the one from our own game directory
itself.  This way, if a mod has track02 as a mp3 or wav, which is below
track02.ogg in the music_handler order, the mp3 or wav will still have
priority over track02.ogg from the id1 game directory.

